This is impossible
Why would he know the recipe?
Zhou Zai Zhou Gong Mansion
Am I right or wrong?
Your Majesty still has to treat this medicine with caution.
Dedicate this poison to His Majesty
Where are you going?
Your Majesty, please see
As long as Wesson has served it a few times
If it is poison, how dare you offer it to the emperor?
Yes, Your Majesty, why not?
Please don't have a son of one side today.
If His Majesty is missing
I wish not to face
With integrity?
Okay, okay.
Stop arguing
Weigh the medicine to Tai Hospital
Let the imperial physicians be cut off
I'll step back
I'm a little tired
Xie Zhixiang marriage
Who can become the bride of Princess Linglong?
The emperor will make a decision today
Prince, you have to be careful with your words and deeds.